power skin carbon air the new ultralight
racing suit from arena a unique fusion
of intelligent compression and
unbeatable comforts carbon fibers locked
down at a critical stretch point to
deliver compression when and where it's
needed reducing drag improving
efficiency and maximizing power by
integrating carbon fiber bands into the
horizontal weave of the ultralight
carbon air the potential of intelligent
compression is unleashed the power skin
carbon air is designed to deliver a
lighter more comfortable application of
carbon technology when compared with
carbon Pro and carbon flex
the ultra lightweight fabric and the
smart simplicity of the design give the
suit a sleek construction while the
smart stretch shoulder straps offer
supreme comfort these unique features
combine to make the carbon air
especially easy to put on
Carbonaro offers swimmers all the
benefits of powerful and controlled
intelligent compression together with an
unprecedented level of comfort without
compromising performance the result is a
perfectly balanced suit a new milestone
in comfort performance ratio carbon air
is a state-of-the-art suit that delivers
the benefits of intelligent compression
with the comfort of a second skin
our skin carbon air intelligent
compression meets comfort
you